# Welcome to Remix!

- 📖 [Remix docs](https://remix.run/docs)

## Development

Run the dev server:

```shellscript
npm run dev
```

## Deployment

First, build your app for production:

```sh
npm run build
```

Then run the app in production mode:

```sh
npm start
```

Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy it to.

### DIY

If you're familiar with deploying Node applications, the built-in Remix app server is production-ready.

Make sure to deploy the output of `npm run build`

- `build/server`
- `build/client`

## Styling

This template comes with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) already configured for a simple default starting experience. You can use whatever css framework you prefer. See the [Vite docs on css](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#css) for more information.

## Explanation
- `app/entry.client.tsx` is first piece of JS that will run when app loads in browser. This file "hydrates" React components, or displays them inside a browser DOM
where the HTML content was already generated by react-dom/server.
- `app/entry.server.tsx` first piece of JS that runs when a request hits server. Remix handles loading necessary data, while you will be responsible for sending back response.
This file is used to render React app to a string/stream and send it as a response to client.
- `app/root.tsx` where you put the root component of application. The HTML element is rendered here.
- `app/routes/` route modules, Remix uses these files to create URL routes based on the file name. Remix still uses React Router under the hood to handle the actual routing.
- `public/`for static assets like images, fonts
- `remix.config.js` configuration options for Remix set in this file
- `public/build/` holds client-side code
- `build/` holds server-side code
